[dev tool] Add design docs for README snippets (#24537)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: design/readme-snippets.md

const endpoint = "<endpoint>";
const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
const key = "<key>";

const client = new ConfigurationClient(endpoint, credential);

const setting = await client.getConfigurationSetting(key);
```

This will also be used for JSDoc code snippets that shall be inserted into the source files themselves.  For example, for the `ConfigurationClient` class constructor, the following would be inserted.  All source files will be scanned for the matching `ts snippet:<SomeSnippetIdentifier>` and the insertion will be done.

```typescript
  /**
   * Creates an instance of a ConfigurationClient.
   *
   * Example usage:
   * ```ts snippet:CreateConfigurationClient
   * import { ConfigurationClient} from "@azure/template";
   * import { DefaultAzureCredential} from "@azure/identity";
   *
   * const client = new ConfigurationClient(endpoint, credential);
   * ```
   * @param endpointUrl - the URL to the App Configuration endpoint
   * @param credential - used to authenticate requests to the service
   * @param options - optional configuration used to send requests to the service
   */
```

### Parsing the TypeScript Tests

> These are the rules for parsing the unit tests for the Azure SDK for JavaScript.  Any deviations from this pattern shall be an error.
> 
> 1. Each `it` method will be extracted as a `CallExpression` with the `StringLiteral` as the name of the snippet name
> 2. The method body will be a child of the `ArrowFunction` or `FunctionExpression` as a `Block`
> 3. Any `BinaryOperation` where the operator is `BarBarToken` and the left expression is a `process.env` access expression OR nullish coalescing operator where the left hand side is a `process.env` access will be replaced by the right hand side expression.
> 4. An import will be added to the generated code snippet for every `Identifier` which has a `Symbol` with a declaration of an `ImportSpecifier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snippets are extracted using the TypeScript compiler API. Strictly, a code snippet is extracted using the following method:

1. The file `test/snippets.spec.ts` is read and parsed in the context of the package local to where `dev-tool` was invoked.
2. Each `CallExpression` where the called expression is the literal identifier `it` and the first argument is a `StringLiteral` and the second argument is a function expression (`ArrowFunction` or `FunctionExpression`) is treated as the definition of a snippet, where the snippet name is the extracted `StringLiteral` text.
3. If the second argument is an `ArrowFunction`, its body must be a `Block` (i.e. it is not allowed for the function's body to be an `Expression` as in `() => "test"`, it must be `() => { return "test"; }` instead).
4. Any `BinaryOperation` where the operator is `BarBarToken` or `QuestionMarkQuestionMarkToken` (i.e. a binary logical or operation or nullish coalescing operator) and where the left-hand-side expression is a `process.env` access expression will be replaced by the right hand side expression within the extracted `Block`.
5. The symbols within the `Block` are analyzed to determine whether or not they refer to the definitions within any imports (their type symbols resolve to an import source that is an `ImportSpecifier`), and corresponding `import` declarations are added to the beginning of the extracted `Block` 
6. The contents of the extracted & modified `Block` are validated to ensure they do not contain any syntax that will not function on our minimum-supported Node.js target.
7. If the target language (as declared in the code fence) is `js` or `javascript`, the extracted & modified `Block` is transpiled to JavaScript using the same method we use for compiling samples.
```

> ### Work required
> 
> The work required to make this happen has the following parts:
> 
> - Write the TypeScript AST parser for the snippets using the above rules.
> - Write a scanner to scan the README for the appropriate snippets and insert.
> - Write a scanner to scan the source files for appropriate snippets and insert.
> - Create DevTool Command and insert into the npm scripts for each project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implementation status

- [x] Write the TypeScript AST parser for the snippets using the above rules.
- [x] Write a scanner to scan the README for the appropriate snippets and insert.
- [x] Write a scanner to scan the source files for appropriate snippets and insert.
- [x] Create DevTool Command and insert into the npm scripts for each project.
- [ ] (Stretch) Support automated migration well.
```

```bash
$ npx dev-tool run update-snippets --migrate
```

This will attempt a BEST EFFORT migration. It is not expected that this will yield a perfect, or even a compiling result. It is expected that maintainers MUST manually verify the correctness of the resulting migration.

### Files subject to snippet extraction

The following set of files within a package directory is subject to snippet extraction:

- Any Markdown file (ending with `.md`) immediately within the package directory (not any subfolder).
- Any Markdown file (ending with `.md`) within the `samples-dev` folder of the package or any of its children with unlimited depth.
- Any TypeScript file (ending with `.ts` in the `src`, `test`, or `samples-dev` folders of the package or any of their children with unlimited depth.

A file may opt out of snippet extraction using a comment directive. Any files containing the following text are ignored:

- For Markdown files, `<!-- dev-tool snippets ignore -->`.
- For TypeScript Files: `// dev-tool snippets ignore`.

For readability, these directive comments SHOULD be placed at or near the top of the file, but the file will be ignored if it contains this text anywhere.

> ### Parsing the TypeScript Tests

Author: ```suggestion

### Parsing the TypeScript Tests
```
